# rayawrites-privacy-policy
Privacy policy for my [www.rayawrites.com](https://www.rayawrites.com/) website


# Privacy Policy

Last updated: 05 July 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the [Free Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/).


# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Account__ means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- __Company__ (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Raya Bergin.

- __Cookies__ are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- __Country__ refers to: California,  United States

- __Device__ means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- __Personal Data__ is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- __Service__ refers to the Website.

- __Service Provider__ means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- __Website__ refers to Raya Bergin, accessible from [https://www.rayawrites.com/](https://www.rayawrites.com/)

- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.


# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Usage Data

### Usage Data

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

### Tracking Technologies and Cookies

We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- __Cookies or Browser Cookies.__ A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
- __Flash Cookies.__ Certain features of our Service may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about Your preferences or Your activity on our Service. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies. For more information on how You can delete Flash Cookies, please read "Where can I change the settings for disabling, or deleting local shared objects?" available at [https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_)
- __Web Beacons.__ Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies on the [Free Privacy Policy website](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking) article.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- __Necessary / Essential Cookies__
	Type: Session Cookies
	Administered by: Us
	Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

- __Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies__
	Type: Persistent Cookies
	Administered by: Us
	Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

- __Functionality Cookies__
	Type: Persistent Cookies
	Administered by: Us
	Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- __To provide and maintain our Service__, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- __To manage Your Account:__ to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- __For the performance of a contract:__ the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
- __To contact You:__ To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- __To provide You__ with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- __To manage Your requests:__ To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- __For business transfers:__ We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.
- __For other purposes__: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience. 

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- __With Service Providers:__ We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service,  to contact You.
- __For business transfers:__ We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
- __With Affiliates:__ We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
- __With business partners:__ We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
- __With other users:__ when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. 
- __With Your consent__: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.


# Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.


# Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.


# Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.


# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: rayaberginwrites@gmail.com


***


# rayaescribe-politica-de-privacidad
Política de privacidad de mi sitio web [www.rayawrites.com](https://www.rayawrites.com/)


# Política de privacidad

Última actualización: 05 de julio de 2022

Esta Política de privacidad describe Nuestras políticas y procedimientos sobre la recopilación, el uso y la divulgación de Su información cuando utiliza el Servicio y le informa sobre Sus derechos de privacidad y cómo la ley lo protege.

Usamos sus datos personales para proporcionar y mejorar el Servicio. Al usar el Servicio, acepta la recopilación y el uso de información de acuerdo con esta Política de privacidad. Esta Política de privacidad se ha creado con la ayuda del [Generador gratuito de políticas de privacidad] (https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/).


# Interpretación y Definiciones

## Interpretación

Las palabras cuya letra inicial está en mayúscula tienen significados definidos bajo las siguientes condiciones. Las siguientes definiciones tendrán el mismo significado independientemente de que aparezcan en singular o en plural.

## Definiciones

A los efectos de esta Política de Privacidad:

- __Cuenta__ significa una cuenta única creada para que Usted acceda a nuestro Servicio o partes de nuestro Servicio.

- __Empresa__ (referida como "la Empresa", "Nosotros", "Nos" o "Nuestro" en este Acuerdo) se refiere a Raya Bergin.

- Las __cookies__ son pequeños archivos que un sitio web coloca en su computadora, dispositivo móvil o cualquier otro dispositivo, y que contienen los detalles de su historial de navegación en ese sitio web entre sus muchos usos.

- __País__ se refiere a: California, Estados Unidos

- __Dispositivo__ significa cualquier dispositivo que pueda acceder al Servicio, como una computadora, un teléfono celular o una tableta digital.

- __Datos Personales__ es cualquier información que se relaciona con una persona física identificada o identificable.

- __Servicio__ se refiere al Sitio Web.

- __Proveedor de Servicios__ significa cualquier persona física o jurídica que procesa los datos en nombre de la Compañía. Se refiere a empresas de terceros o personas empleadas por la Empresa para facilitar el Servicio, proporcionar el Servicio en nombre de la Empresa, realizar servicios relacionados con el Servicio o ayudar a la Empresa a analizar cómo se utiliza el Servicio.

- __Datos de uso__ se refiere a los datos recopilados automáticamente, ya sea generados por el uso del Servicio o de la propia infraestructura del Servicio (por ejemplo, la duración de una visita a la página).

- __Sitio web__ se refiere a Raya Bergin, accesible desde [https://www.rayawrites.com/](https://www.rayawrites.com/)

- __Usted__ significa la persona que accede o utiliza el Servicio, o la empresa u otra entidad legal en nombre de la cual dicha persona accede o utiliza el Servicio, según corresponda.


# Recopilación y uso de sus datos personales

## Tipos de datos recopilados

### Información personal

Mientras usa Nuestro Servicio, podemos pedirle que nos proporcione cierta información de identificación personal que se puede usar para contactarlo o identificarlo. La información de identificación personal puede incluir, entre otros:

- Dirección de correo electrónico
- Nombre y apellido
- Datos de uso

### Datos de uso

Los Datos de uso se recopilan automáticamente cuando se utiliza el Servicio.

Los datos de uso pueden incluir información como la dirección del protocolo de Internet de su dispositivo (por ejemplo, la dirección IP), el tipo de navegador, la versión del navegador, las páginas de nuestro Servicio que visita, la hora y la fecha de su visita, el tiempo que pasa en esas páginas, dispositivo único identificadores y otros datos de diagnóstico.

Cuando accede al Servicio a través de un dispositivo móvil, podemos recopilar cierta información automáticamente, que incluye, entre otros, el tipo de dispositivo móvil que utiliza, la identificación única de su dispositivo móvil, la dirección IP de su dispositivo móvil, su sistema operativo, el tipo de navegador de Internet móvil que utiliza, identificadores únicos de dispositivos y otros datos de diagnóstico.

También podemos recopilar información que su navegador envía cada vez que visita nuestro Servicio o cuando accede al Servicio a través de un dispositivo móvil.

### Tecnologías de seguimiento y cookies

Usamos Cookies y tecnologías de seguimiento similares para rastrear la actividad en Nuestro Servicio y almacenar cierta información. Las tecnologías de seguimiento utilizadas son balizas, etiquetas y scripts para recopilar y rastrear información y para mejorar y analizar Nuestro Servicio. Las tecnologías que utilizamos pueden incluir:

- __Cookies o cookies del navegador.__ Una cookie es un pequeño archivo que se coloca en su dispositivo. Puede indicar a su navegador que rechace todas las cookies o que indique cuándo se envía una cookie. Sin embargo, si no acepta las Cookies, es posible que no pueda utilizar algunas partes de nuestro Servicio. A menos que haya ajustado la configuración de su navegador para que rechace las Cookies, nuestro Servicio puede usar Cookies.
- __Cookies Flash.__ Ciertas características de nuestro Servicio pueden usar objetos almacenados localmente (o Cookies Flash) para recopilar y almacenar información sobre Sus preferencias o Su actividad en nuestro Servicio. Las cookies de Flash no se gestionan con la misma configuración del navegador que las utilizadas para las cookies del navegador. Para obtener más información sobre cómo puede eliminar las cookies de Flash, lea "¿Dónde puedo cambiar la configuración para deshabilitar o eliminar objetos locales compartidos?" disponible en [https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/ disabled-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_where_can_i_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_)
- __Web Beacons.__ Ciertas secciones de nuestro Servicio y nuestros correos electrónicos pueden contener pequeños archivos electrónicos conocidos como web beacons (también conocidos como gifs transparentes, etiquetas de píxeles y gifs de un solo píxel) que permiten a la Compañía, por ejemplo, contar usuarios que visitaron esas páginas o abrieron un correo electrónico y para otras estadísticas relacionadas con el sitio web (por ejemplo, registrar la popularidad de una determinada sección y verificar la integridad del sistema y del servidor).

Las cookies pueden ser cookies "persistentes" o de "sesión". Las cookies persistentes permanecen en su computadora personal o dispositivo móvil cuando se desconecta, mientras que las cookies de sesión se eliminan tan pronto como cierra su navegador web. Obtenga más información sobre las cookies en el artículo [Sitio web de política de privacidad gratuito] (https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/blog/sample-privacy-policy-template/#Use_Of_Cookies_And_Tracking).

Utilizamos cookies de sesión y persistentes para los fines establecidos a continuación:

- __Cookies Necesarias/Esenciales__
Tipo: Cookies de sesión
Administrado por: Nosotros
Propósito: estas cookies son esenciales para brindarle los servicios disponibles a través del sitio web y permitirle usar algunas de sus funciones. Ayudan a autenticar a los usuarios y previenen el uso fraudulento de cuentas de usuario. Sin estas Cookies, no se pueden proporcionar los servicios que ha solicitado, y solo utilizamos estas Cookies para proporcionarle esos servicios.

- __Política de Cookies / Aviso de Aceptación de Cookies__
Tipo: Cookies persistentes
Administrado por: Nosotros
Finalidad: Estas Cookies identifican si los usuarios han aceptado el uso de cookies en el Sitio Web.

- __Cookies de Funcionalidad__
Tipo: Cookies persistentes
Administrado por: Nosotros
Propósito: estas cookies nos permiten recordar las elecciones que hace cuando usa el sitio web, como recordar sus datos de inicio de sesión o su preferencia de idioma. El propósito de estas Cookies es brindarle una experiencia más personal y evitar que tenga que volver a ingresar sus preferencias cada vez que use el sitio web.

Para obtener más información sobre las cookies que utilizamos y sus opciones con respecto a las cookies, visite nuestra Política de cookies o la sección Cookies de nuestra Política de privacidad.

## Uso de sus datos personales

La Compañía puede utilizar los Datos Personales para los siguientes propósitos:

- __Para proporcionar y mantener nuestro Servicio__, incluso para monitorear el uso de nuestro Servicio.
- __Para administrar Su Cuenta:__ para administrar Su registro como usuario del Servicio. Los Datos Personales que proporcione pueden darle acceso a diferentes funcionalidades del Servicio que están disponibles para Usted como usuario registrado.
- __Para la ejecución de un contrato:__ el desarrollo, cumplimiento y realización del contrato de compra de los productos, artículos o servicios que haya adquirido o de cualquier otro contrato con Nosotros a través del Servicio.
- __Para contactarlo:__ Para contactarlo por correo electrónico, llamadas telefónicas, SMS u otras formas equivalentes de comunicación electrónica, como notificaciones automáticas de una aplicación móvil sobre actualizaciones o comunicaciones informativas relacionadas con las funcionalidades, productos o servicios contratados, incluida la seguridad actualizaciones, cuando sea necesario o razonable para su implementación.
- __Para proporcionarle__ noticias, ofertas especiales e información general sobre otros bienes, servicios y eventos que ofrecemos que son similares a los que ya compró o preguntó, a menos que haya optado por no recibir dicha información.
- __Para gestionar Sus solicitudes:__ Para atender y gestionar Sus solicitudes hacia Nosotros.
- __Para transferencias comerciales:__ Podemos usar Su información para evaluar o realizar una fusión, desinversión, reestructuración, reorganización, disolución u otra venta o transferencia de algunos o todos Nuestros activos, ya sea como una empresa en marcha o como parte de una quiebra, liquidación, o procedimiento similar, en el que los Datos personales que tenemos sobre los usuarios de nuestro Servicio se encuentran entre los activos transferidos.
- __Para otros fines__: podemos utilizar su información para otros fines, como el análisis de datos, la identificación de tendencias de uso, la determinación de la eficacia de nuestras campañas promocionales y para evaluar y mejorar nuestro Servicio, productos, servicios, marketing y su experiencia.

Podemos compartir su información personal en las siguientes situaciones:

- __Con Proveedores de Servicios:__ Podemos compartir Su información personal con Proveedores de Servicios para monitorear y analizar el uso de nuestro Servicio, para contactarlo.
- __Para transferencias comerciales:__ Podemos compartir o transferir Su información personal en relación con, o durante las negociaciones de, cualquier fusión, venta de activos de la Compañía, financiación o adquisición de todo o una parte de Nuestro negocio a otra compañía.
- __Con Afiliados:__ Podemos compartir Su información con Nuestros afiliados, en cuyo caso les exigiremos que respeten esta Política de Privacidad. Los afiliados incluyen nuestra empresa matriz y cualquier otra subsidiaria, socios de empresas conjuntas u otras empresas que controlamos o que están bajo control común con nosotros.
- __Con socios comerciales:__ Podemos compartir Su información con Nuestros socios comerciales para ofrecerle ciertos productos, servicios o promociones.
- __Con otros usuarios:__ cuando comparte información personal o interactúa en las áreas públicas con otros usuarios, dicha información puede ser vista por todos los usuarios y puede distribuirse públicamente al exterior.
- __Con su consentimiento__: podemos divulgar su información personal para cualquier otro propósito con su consentimiento.

## Conservación de sus datos personales

La Compañía conservará sus Datos personales solo durante el tiempo que sea necesario para los fines establecidos en esta Política de privacidad. Conservaremos y utilizaremos sus datos personales en la medida necesaria para cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales (por ejemplo, si estamos obligados a conservar sus datos para cumplir con las leyes aplicables), resolver disputas y hacer cumplir nuestras políticas y acuerdos legales.

La Compañía también conservará los Datos de uso para fines de análisis interno. Los datos de uso generalmente se retienen por un período de tiempo más corto, excepto cuando estos datos se utilizan para fortalecer la seguridad o mejorar la funcionalidad de nuestro servicio, o cuando estamos legalmente obligados a retener estos datos por períodos de tiempo más largos.

## Transferencia de sus datos personales

Su información, incluidos los Datos personales, se procesa en las oficinas operativas de la Compañía y en cualquier otro lugar donde se encuentren las partes involucradas en el procesamiento. Significa que esta información puede transferirse y mantenerse en computadoras ubicadas fuera de Su estado, provincia, país u otra jurisdicción gubernamental donde las leyes de protección de datos pueden diferir de las de Su jurisdicción.

Su consentimiento a esta Política de privacidad seguido de Su envío de dicha información representa Su acuerdo con esa transferencia.

La Compañía tomará todas las medidas razonablemente necesarias para garantizar que sus datos se traten de forma segura y de acuerdo con esta Política de privacidad y no se realizará ninguna transferencia de sus datos personales a una organización o país a menos que existan controles adecuados establecidos, incluida la seguridad de Sus datos y otra información personal.

## Divulgación de sus datos personales

### Transacciones de negocios

Si la Compañía está involucrada en una fusión, adquisición o venta de activos, Sus Datos personales pueden transferirse. Le enviaremos un aviso antes de que sus Datos personales se transfieran y queden sujetos a una Política de privacidad diferente.

### Cumplimiento de la ley

En determinadas circunstancias, es posible que se le solicite a la Compañía que divulgue sus Datos personales si así lo requiere la ley o en respuesta a solicitudes válidas de las autoridades públicas (por ejemplo, un tribunal o una agencia gubernamental).

### Otros requisitos legales

La Compañía puede divulgar sus datos personales de buena fe cuando considere que esta acción es necesaria para lo siguiente:

- Cumplir con una obligación legal
- Proteger y defender los derechos o propiedad de la Compañía
- Prevenir o investigar posibles irregularidades en relación con el Servicio
- Proteger la seguridad personal de los Usuarios del Servicio o del público
- Proteger contra la responsabilidad legal

## Seguridad de sus datos personales

La seguridad de sus datos personales es importante para nosotros, pero recuerde que ningún método de transmisión por Internet o método de almacenamiento electrónico es 100 % seguro. Si bien nos esforzamos por utilizar medios comercialmente aceptables para proteger sus datos personales, no podemos garantizar su seguridad absoluta.


# Privacidad infantil

Nuestro Servicio no se dirige a ninguna persona menor de 13 años. No recopilamos a sabiendas información de identificación personal de ninguna persona menor de 13 años. Si usted es padre o tutor y sabe que su hijo nos ha proporcionado Datos personales, por favor Contáctenos. Si nos damos cuenta de que hemos recopilado Datos personales de cualquier persona menor de 13 años sin verificación del consentimiento de los padres, tomamos medidas para eliminar esa información de Nuestros servidores.

Si necesitamos basarnos en el consentimiento como base legal para procesar su información y su país requiere el consentimiento de uno de sus padres, podemos solicitar el consentimiento de su padre antes de recopilar y usar esa información.


# Enlaces a otros sitios web

Nuestro Servicio puede contener enlaces a otros sitios web que no son operados por Nosotros. Si hace clic en el enlace de un tercero, será dirigido al sitio de ese tercero. Le recomendamos encarecidamente que revise la Política de privacidad de cada sitio que visite.

No tenemos control ni asumimos ninguna responsabilidad por el contenido, las políticas de privacidad o las prácticas de los sitios o servicios de terceros.


# Cambios a esta Política de Privacidad

Es posible que actualicemos nuestra Política de privacidad de vez en cuando. Le notificaremos cualquier cambio publicando la nueva Política de Privacidad en esta página.

Le informaremos por correo electrónico y/o un aviso destacado en Nuestro Servicio, antes de que el cambio entre en vigencia y actualizaremos la fecha de "Última actualización" en la parte superior de esta Política de privacidad.

Se le recomienda revisar esta Política de Privacidad periódicamente para cualquier cambio. Los cambios a esta Política de privacidad son efectivos cuando se publican en esta página.


# Contáctenos

Si tiene alguna pregunta sobre esta Política de privacidad, puede contactarnos:

- Por correo electrónico: rayaberginwrites@gmail.com
